feat(turbo json): make `with` public (#10191)
vercel/turborepo: docs/site/content/repo-docs/reference/configuration.mdx

that are affected. However, if a task is persistent, it will not be restarted by default.
To enable restarting persistent tasks, set `interruptible` to `true`.

> ### `with`
> 
> A list of tasks that will be run along side this task.
> 
> Unlike [`dependsOn`](#dependson), tasks listed here will not be run until completion before execution of this task starts.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### `with`

A list of tasks that will be ran alongside this task. This is most useful for long-running tasks that you want to ensure always run at the same time.

```
